# Welcome to the CUDA Quantum repository

<img align="right" width="200"
src="https://developer.nvidia.com/sites/default/files/akamai/nvidia-cuquantum-icon.svg"
/>

The CUDA Quantum Platform for hybrid quantum-classical computers enables
integration and programming of quantum processing units (QPUs), GPUs, and CPUs
in one system. This repository contains the source code for all C++ and Python
tools provided by the CUDA Quantum toolkit, including the NVQ++ compiler, the
CUDA Quantum runtime, as well as a selection of integrated CPU and GPU backends
for rapid application development and testing.

## Getting Started

To learn more about how to work with the CUDA Quantum, please take a look at the
[CUDA Quantum Documentation][cudaq_docs]. The page also contains [installation
instructions][official_install] for officially released packages.

If you would like to install the latest iteration under development in this
repository and/or add your own modifications, please build CUDA Quantum from
source following [these instructions](./Building.md).

[cudaq_docs]: https://developer.nvidia.com/cudaq
[official_install]: todo

## Contributing

There are many ways in which you can get involved with CUDA Quantum. If you are
interested in developing quantum applications with CUDA Quantum, the [CUDA
Quantum Samples][cudaq_samples] repository is a great place to get started! For
more information about contributing to the CUDA Quantum platform, please take a
look at [Contributing.md](./Contributing.md).

[cudaq_samples]: todo

## License

The code in this repository is licensed under [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

Contributing a pull request to this repo requires accepting the Contributor
License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do,
grant us the rights to use your contribution. A CLA-bot will automatically
determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately.
Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do
this once.

## Feedback

Please let us know your feedback and ideas for the CUDA Quantum platform in the
[Discussions](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cudaq/discussions) tab of this
repository, or file an [issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cudaq/issues). To
report security concerns or [Code of Conduct](./Code_of_Conduct.md) violations,
please reach out to [cudaq@nvidia.com](mailto:cudaq@nvidia.com).
